RC: Redis 7.4 Preview (#369)
redis/docs: content/operate/rc/databases/create-database/create-essentials-database.md

1. Choose a **Cloud Provider** and a **Region**.

    A preview of Redis 7.4 is available for databases in selected regions. Select the **Redis 7.4 preview** toggle to view the regions where you can try Redis 7.4.

>     {{<image filename="images/rc/essentials-74-preview.png" alt="Turn on the Redis 7.4 preview toggle.">}}

Reviewer: This image isn't displaying. It's not part of this PR, so maybe it still needs to be merged?

Author: Oops. I took it and then forgot to put it in the folder. Thanks for letting me know.

1. Choose a **Cloud Provider** and a **Region**.

    A preview of Redis 7.4 is available for databases in selected regions. Select the **Redis 7.4 preview** toggle to view the regions where you can try Redis 7.4.

    {{<image filename="images/rc/essentials-74-preview.png" alt="Turn on the Redis 7.4 preview toggle.">}}
    

>     Redis 7.4 offers hash field expiration and other feature set improvements. For more information on the changes in Redis 7.4, see the [Redis 7.4 release notes](REPLACE LINK).

Author: ```suggestion
    Redis 7.4 offers hash field expiration and other feature set improvements. For more information on the changes in Redis 7.4, see the [Redis 7.4 release notes](https://redis.io/blog/announcing-redis-community-edition-and-redis-stack-74).
```
